# 0.8.0 (2019-11-03)

## Added

- Added `name_ge`, `name_le`, `offset_id` query parameters to user list route for sorting by name.
- Added `status_code` to audit logs. Endpoints which accepted custom audit objects now accept custom audit type string. Status code, subject and data can be added later via update endpoint.
- Added `User-Authorization` header handling, value is user key or token. Service may include this header to add user and key information in created audit logs.
- Added optional `user_id` query parameter to key read endpoint to mask by user ID.
- Added `user_allow_register` and `user_email_text` columns to services, used to allow user registration endpoint functionality and append text to outgoing emails for services.

## Changed

- Removed TimescaleDB hypertable for audit log, don't make use of any features.
- Finish removing `core` module by refactoring code in `api` and `driver` modules.
- Removed `SsoError` and `SsoResult` in favour of driver types.
- Changed internal audit log type format, use `:` character to separate applications.
- Include status code in prometheus audit log counter metrics, defaults to 0 if NULL.
- Add `compare_vec` function to AuditDiffBuilder.
- Removed `NotifyActor`, moved templating into driver module and SMTP client into server module.
- Removed `ClientActor`, refactored sync and async clients to be more consistent.

## Fixed

- Fixed list tests can fail because concurrent tests create rows within order being tested.
- Fixed `zxcvbn` warning caused by passing empty strings, also stops passing empty strings to pwned passwords API.
- Fixed `key_id` not set on audit log when authenticating service keys.
- Fixed process metrics add to previous value, use gauges instead of counters.
- Fixed `impl_enum_to_from_string` use statements to not conflict with library types.
